README.md, before:

# Easy-use messages buffer plugin
This plugin is modified on the basic of [bmessages.nvim](https://github.com/ariel-frischer/bmessages.nvim).

I modify some logic functinos and make it useful *for me*.

> If you have no idea you want to use some features provided by this plugin, use [bmessages.nvim](https://github.com/ariel-frischer/bmessages.nvim).

https://github.com/OliverChao/bufmsg.nvim/assets/39361033/44f0524c-3cd6-45d7-be5f-ea7c94df6875


This plugin removes all time loop codes and the buffer including messages is modifiable.

You can use `<cltr>-u` to update the new messages.

## config
```lua
{
  -- show messages in one buffer
  "OliverChao/bufmsg.nvim",
  -- dir = "~/code/lua/bufmsg.nvim",
  cmd = "Bufmsg",
  opts = {},
},
```
You can modify the following options:
```lua
opts = {
	split_type = "vsplit",
	split_size_vsplit = nil,
	split_size_split = nil,
	modifiable = true, -- the default messages buffer is modifiable
	mappings = {     -- you can map your favourate mappings for messages updating and clearing.
		update = "<C-u>",
		clear = "<C-r>",
	},
}
```

Commit message:

docs: add credit in README

README.md, after:

# Easy-use messages buffer plugin
This plugin is modified on the basic of [bmessages.nvim](https://github.com/ariel-frischer/bmessages.nvim).

I modify some logic functinos and make it useful *for me*.

> If you have no idea you want to use features provided by this plugin, use [bmessages.nvim](https://github.com/ariel-frischer/bmessages.nvim).

https://github.com/OliverChao/bufmsg.nvim/assets/39361033/44f0524c-3cd6-45d7-be5f-ea7c94df6875


This plugin removes all time loop codes and the buffer including messages is modifiable.

You can use `<cltr>-u` to update the new messages.

## config
```lua
{
  -- show messages in one buffer
  "OliverChao/bufmsg.nvim",
  -- dir = "~/code/lua/bufmsg.nvim",
  cmd = "Bufmsg",
  opts = {},
},
```
You can modify the following options:
```lua
opts = {
	split_type = "vsplit",
	split_size_vsplit = nil,
	split_size_split = nil,
	modifiable = true, -- the default messages buffer is modifiable
	mappings = {     -- you can map your favourate mappings for messages updating and clearing.
		update = "<C-u>",
		clear = "<C-r>",
	},
}
```

# Credit
Most of the codes is generated by Ariel Frischer in [bmessages.nvim](https://github.com/ariel-frischer/bmessages.nvim).
